Mystic Business Source License

Copyright Â© 2024, Mystic Corporation

This license ("License") grants rights in specified software code (the "Code") 
under a business-source-style license that applies one set of terms and 
conditions (the "Pre-Change Terms") to the Code and all modified Code before a 
specified date (the "Change Date"), and another set of terms and conditions 
(the "Post-Change Terms") on and after the Change Date. The Change Date for 
this license is 01 March 2024.


 A. Pre-Change Terms: License, before 01 March 2024:

 Prior to the Change Date, you have the non-exclusive, worldwide rights under 
this License to copy, modify, display, use, and redistribute the Code solely 
under the following conditions:

 [Insert business source limitations appropriate to your business here, such 
as: "The database size used by the Code is less than 1 Gigabyte, and the Code 
is used in non-commercial contexts where neither you, the user nor any 
distributor or service provider makes money, directly or indirectly, from using 
or otherwise exercising your licensed rights in the Code or modified Code."]. 
[The foregoing limitations are for illustrative purposes only. When designing 
your business-specific, Pre-Change limitations, carefully consider such things 
as: i) the differences between source and object code; ii) copyright and patent 
rights; and iii) the impact on your business of all possible uses of the code, 
including distribution, the creation and use of derivatives and collective 
works, and the provision of cloud-based and other services that do not require 
distribution of the Code.]

 All copies and uses of original and modified Code are also subject to this 
License. When copying or distributing original or modified Code, you must 
conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright 
notice; keep intact all notices stating that this License applies to the 
original or modified Code; keep intact all notices of the absence of any 
warranty; and give all recipients a copy of this License along with the Code.

 If your desired use of the Code or modified Code does not meet all of the 
above requirements, you MUST purchase a separate, commercial license for the 
Code prior to all conflicting installations or other uses of the Code. You can 
buy support/licenses from: ______________.

 Any attempt to use the Code outside the permitted scope of the Pre-Change 
Terms will automatically terminate your rights under this License to this and 
all future versions of the Code.

 TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE CODE OR ANY SERVICES OR WORK 
PRODUCT PROVIDED UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH WITH THIS LICENSE ARE PROVIDED ON 
AN "AS IS" BASIS. YOU EXPRESSLY WAIVE ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SYSTEM INTEGRATION, AND ACCURACY OF 
INFORMATIONAL CONTENT.

 On the Change Date, the Pre-Change Terms shall automatically terminate and 
shall be replaced with the Post-Change Terms described in Section B, below.

 B. Post-Change Terms: License after, and including, 01 March 2024:

 On and after the Change Date, the software code is licensed to you pursuant to 
version 2 or later of the GNU General Public License, as follows:

 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software 
Foundation; version 2 or later of the License.

 This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT 
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

 You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with 
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple 
Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 Portugal.